OKAY. WE'RE
ALMOST READY HERE.
OKAY. NOW, EASY
ON THE FILTERS, CAM.
IT'S A FAMILY PICTURE.
WE DON'T NEED SEPIA TONE.
YOU KNOW WHAT OTHER TONE
WE DON'T NEED?
PLAY NICE.
OKAY.
WE ARE TAKING A NEW PHOTO
FOR ABOVE OUR MANTEL.
LILY'S NOT IN THE ONE
UP THERE NOW,
AND WE...STARTED TO GET
THE SLIGHT IMPRESSION THAT...
IT WAS BOTHERING HER.
LILY, WE'RE READY
FOR DINNER, SW-- OH.
BIG SMILES!
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
GREAT. LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
Mitchell: GREAT.
OKAY. NOT BAD.
NOT BAD.
UM...LET'S SHAKE OUT
OUR FACES.
REALLY?
WHO TOOK THE ONLINE COURSE?
SHAKE 'EM OUT.
All:
BR-BR-BR-BR-BR-BR!
YEP. THAT'S PERFECT.
1...2...
CHEE-E-E-SE!
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
OKAY. GREAT!
OKAY, UM, MITCHELL,
CAN I SEE YOU
OVER HERE, PLEASE?
Mitchell: YEAH.
HANG TIGHT, SWEETIE.
LOOK.
WHY IS SHE DOING THAT
WITH HER FACE?
I DON'T KNOW. I'VE NEVER SEEN
SUCH A WEIRD, FORCED SMILE.
HOW DO I LOOK?
BEAUTIFUL.
PERFECT.
♪♪♪
WOW!
WHAT AN AMAZING CAMPUS!
I MEAN, LOOK AT
THESE COOL BUILDINGS.
AND DID YOU GUYS
SEE THE TURTLES?
[ Chuckling ] AND CHECK THIS
OUT -- A REFLECTING POND.
Alex:
GREAT. MAYBE YOU CAN SEE HOW
CRAZY YOU'RE BEING RIGHT NOW.
GOD, I WISH
I'D BROUGHT A FRISBEE.
WHAT'S SO SPECIAL?
IT LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE
THE COLLEGE I WENT TO.
AND WE'VE BEEN HERE EXACTLY
AS LONG AS YOU WERE THERE.
LUKE, BE NICE.
WELL,
ALEX IS LEAVING.
SOMEBODY'S GOT TO KEEP
THE TRAINS RUNNING.
Claire:
BACK ME UP HERE, GUYS.
THIS PLACE
SCREAMS "ALEX," RIGHT?
IT LOOKS LIKE
EVERY OTHER COLLEGE IN AMERICA.
WHAT AM I MISSING?
GOOD GRADES, S.A.T. SCORES,
BASIC VERBAL SKILLS.
THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT.
CALTECH
IS THE PERFECT SCHOOL.
FOR CLAIRE.
AND ALEX! COME ON,
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT
ONE OF THE BEST SCHOOLS
IN THE COUNTRY.
AND, YES, IT HAPPENS TO BE
45 MINUTES FROM OUR HOUSE.
OF COURSE, WE'LL SUPPORT HER
WHEREVER SHE GOES.
OBVIOUSLY. NOTHING
IS MORE IMPORTANT TO ME
THAN HER
ACADEMIC WHATEVER,
BUT WITH ALEX, THE IMPORTANT
THING IS KEEPING HER CLOSE
FOR THE NEXT FOUR YEARS.
AFTER THAT,
I'M NEVER GONNA SEE HER
UNLESS SHE SKYPES ME
FROM NEPTUNE,
WHERE SHE'S LIVING
IN A BIODOME SHE INVENTED.
AWESOME! THAT MEANS
CHRISTMAS ON NEPTUNE!
EVERY OTHER YEAR?
NO. NO.
Woman: ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE,
GATHER 'ROUND.
WE'LL BE STARTING THE TOUR
IN JUST A MOMENT.
OKAY. I'M GONNA PEEL OFF
AND HIT THE ROBOTICS LAB
TO SEE
HOW CLOSE THEY ARE
TO A WORKING FEMALE.
HOLD ON.
THEY'RE NOT NEARLY AS CLOSE
AS YOU'D HOPE,
AND YOU'RE
NOT LEAVING MY SIDE.
BUT IT'S SO BORING.
IT'S LIKE I'M BEING PUNISHED.
YOU ARE BEING PUNISHED --
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOUR TEACHER CALLS
TO TELL ME YOU CUT CLASS.
I'M SORRY. I LOST TRACK
OF TIME MAKING MY MOVIE.
HUMMINGBIRDMAN --
A SUPERHERO WHOSE HEART CAN BEAT
A THOUSAND TIMES A MINUTE.
BUT CAN IT LOVE?
CHECK IT --
THERE'S A LAB ON CAMPUS
WHERE THEY DO EXPERIMENTS ON YOU
FOR 50 BUCKS.
OH, YEAH. YEAH, I USED TO DO
A LOT OF THESE IN COLLEGE.
SOMETIMES
IT'S QUESTIONS.
SOMETIMES THEY
HOOK STUFF UP TO YOU.
SOMETIMES IT'S JUST
PALLING AROUND WITH A MONKEY,
WONDERING WHY THEY'RE
REWARDING HIM AND NOT YOU.
WELL, THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
YOU SHOULD GO DO THAT.
I'LL GO.
I'M UP FOR IT AS LONG AS
THEY DON'T SHAVE ANYTHING.
HEY, I'D LOVE
THE 50 BUCKS,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
MOM WANTS ME HERE.
NO, I DON'T.
YOU CAN GO.
OH, YOU CAN
DROP THE ACT.
I KNOW YOU GUYS
FORCED ME TO COME HERE
SO I CAN WATCH ALEX
AND GET ALL INSPIRED
BY COLLEGE AGAIN.
WE REALLY DIDN'T.
Claire: YEAH,
YOU JUST GOT IN THE CAR.
I ONLY PACKED
FOUR SANDWICHES.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY, JAY!
I DON'T LOVE
THIS TABLEAU.
IS THAT
GLORIA'S GIFT TO ME?
WHAT IS IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
SURE YOU DO.
I CAN TELL BY THE WRAP JOB.
SHE CAN'T MAKE CORNERS
LIKE THIS, MANNY!
ONLY BECAUSE SHE'S
ALWAYS IN SUCH A HURRY.
IS LIFE SO BUSY
YOU CAN'T TAKE 20 MINUTES
TO GET OUT THE STRAIGHT-EDGE
AND WRAP A GIFT ANYMORE?
COME ON. I'M A LITTLE ANXIOUS
ABOUT MY GIFT FOR HER.
IT WOULD MAKE ME
FEEL A LOT BETTER
IF I KNEW
SHE PHONED THIS ONE IN.
SORRY, JAY.
ONLY TIME WILL TELL.
OH, GOD.
IT'S THAT BLACK PANERAI WATCH
I WANTED, ISN'T IT?!
WHY CAN'T YOU BE THIS FAST
WHEN I'M YOUR CHARADES PARTNER?
[ DOOR OPENS ]
Gloria:
HOLA, MY LOVES!
YOU DIDN'T SEE ME.
KEEP HER OUT OF THE GARAGE.
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
I'M GONNA TALK TO HER.
I'VE BEEN
PHOTOGRAPHING HER FOR YEARS.
WE HAVE A RELATIONSHIP.
REALLY?
WHAT'S SHE LIKE?
I MEAN
A PROFESSIONAL RELATIONSHIP.
LOOK,
I'M GONNA TELL HER --
HER SMILE IS FORCED,
IT'S UNNATURAL,
AND WE'RE NOT GOING HOME
UNTIL WE GET WHAT WE NEED.
COUPLE OF THINGS --
WE ARE HOME, AND THAT'S MEAN.
WHAT'S YOUR SUGGESTION?
WE SHOW HER THE PHOTOS
AND LET HER DISCOVER
HER WEIRD SMILE ON HER OWN.
OKAY. THAT'S GOOD.
YEAH.
I VIDEO
OUR FOOTBALL GAMES
SO I CAN SEE
WHAT WE'RE DOING WRONG.
THAT'S HOW I FIGURED OUT
THAT POWDER-BLUE WINDBREAKER
WASHED ME OUT SO MUCH.
OH, THANK GOD. I'M SURE
THE TEAM APPRECIATED THAT.
LILY, SWEETHEART,
WILL YOU COME HERE FOR A SECOND?
Lily: YEP.
LET'S DO THIS GENTLY,
OKAY?
I know.
HI, SWEETHEART.
OKAY. SO,
DADDY AND I THOUGHT
THAT WE WOULD LOOK
AT THESE PHOTOS TOGETHER,
THE PICTURES
THAT WE'VE TAKEN SO FAR,
AND SEE IF THERE'S ANYTHING
THAT WE WOULD DO DIFFERENTLY.
LIKE, OKAY,
WHEN I LOOK AT THIS PHOTO,
I THINK,
"I COULD STAND UP STRAIGHTER."
YEAH.
CAM?
OKAY. I THINK I COULD BE
A LITTLE LESS "RYAN GOSLING"
AND A LITTLE MORE
"EVERY MAN."
LILY, IS THERE ANYTHING
THAT YOU SEE IN YOURSELF
THAT YOU WOULD WANT
TO CHANGE HERE?
WELL, MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST DO ONE MORE?
REALLY? OKAY.
THIS MIGHT NEED
A LITTLE POWDER.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
UH, JAY?
HEY.
YOUR WIFE'S UPSTAIRS.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO HIDE
IN THE GARAGE ANYMORE.
I'M NOT HIDING.
CLOSE THE DOOR,
WILL YOU?
HOW BAD IS THE GIFT
YOU BOUGHT HER?
I DIDN'T
BUY HER ANYTHING.
OOF. BAD IDEA.
I ONCE GAVE HER
A BAG FULL OF HUGS,
AND SHE DEFINITELY
PREFERS STUFF.
IT'S NOT HUGS.
DOES THAT
SOUND LIKE ME?
I MADE HER SOMETHING
IN MY POTTERY CLASS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU TOOK A POTTERY CLASS.
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
AROUND HERE WITH AN ARTSY SIDE.
YEAH, I COULD'VE BOUGHT HER
ANOTHER PIECE OF JEWELRY,
BUT I THOUGHT, YOU KNOW, SHE
MIGHT LIKE THIS A LITTLE MORE,
COMING FROM THE HEART
AND ALL.
WELL, SHOW IT TO ME.
WHAT IS IT?
WOW. WHAT IS IT?
IT'S A BUNNY.
IT USED TO BE
MY NICKNAME FOR HER.
ON OUR FIRST DATE,
SHE HAD A COLD,
AND SHE WAS
SNIFFLING A LOT,
AND HER NOSE
WOULD WRINKLE UP REAL CUTE --
YOU KNOW, LIKE A BUNNY.
THAT'S SO SWEET.
YEAH, BUT THAT WATCH
IS BIG AND GORGEOUS
AND COSTS BIG BUCKS.
I CAN'T GIVE HER
SOMETHING HANDMADE.
I MEAN, SHE --
SHE'S NOT SENSITIVE
LIKE YOU AND ME.
LISTEN TO ME.
I THINK YOU WENT TO
THE JEWELRY STORE INSIDE HERE,
AND YOU BROUGHT BACK A GEM.
KNOCK IT OFF.
YOU THINK SO?
SHE'S GONNA LOVE IT.
IT'S PERFECT.
PERFECT? NAH.
BUT TEACHER PABLO DID SAY
IT SHOWS GREAT PROMISE.
AND I AM PROUD
OF THE TAIL.
LOOK AT THAT.
OH, WOW.
NO, NO, I SAID LOOK.
SORRY.
AND THIS BUILDING
IS HOME
TO ONE OF
OUR FIVE NOBEL LAUREATES
CURRENTLY TEACHING HERE.
OOH!
IT ALSO HOUSES
OUR HIGH-CURRENT, HIGH-STABILITY
PARTICLE ACCELERATOR.
AHH.
OKAY. YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN.
THIS IS A COLLEGE TOUR,
NOT OPRAH'S FAVORITE THINGS.
I AM JUST SO IMPRESSED
BY THIS PLACE.
AREN'T YOU?
OF COURSE I AM.
IT'S ONE OF THE MOST PRESTIGIOUS
TECH SCHOOLS IN THE COUNTRY.
UH-HUH.
BUT IF YOU MUST KNOW,
I DON'T LOVE
EVERYTHING ABOUT IT.
WHAT?
OH, THE MASCOT'S A BEAVER.
DON'T WORRY.
THOSE JOKES WILL GET OLD.
NO, THEY WON'T,
BECAUSE I'M NOT COMING HERE.
HONESTLY, THE ONLY REASON
I TOOK THIS TOUR TODAY
IS SO YOU WON'T ACCUSE ME
OF NOT GIVING IT A FAIR SHOT.
WHY WOULDN'T
YOU WANT TO GO HERE?
[ SIGHS ] I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE MAKING ME SAY THIS...
IT'S TOO CLOSE TO HOME.
I HAVE TO GET AWAY FROM YOU GUYS
FOR A LITTLE BIT, OKAY?
OH.
Woman: ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GONNA CHECK OUT THE DORMS.
PARENTS, SAY GOODBYE
TO YOUR CHILDREN.
OKAY.
I SHOULD GO.
MM-HMM.
MOM, WAIT!
HONEY, IT'S OKAY.
WE ALL SAY THINGS
THAT WE DON'T MEAN SOMETIMES.
LOW BLOOD SUGAR.
I NEED MY SANDWICH.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN PLEASE WAIT HERE,
AND THE EXPERIMENT
WILL BEGIN SHORTLY.
Phil:
OKAY. THANK YOU.
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT DO YOU GUYS
THINK THIS IS GONNA BE?
I BET THEY'LL SHOW US
THOSE INK BLOTS
THAT ALWAYS LOOK LIKE
TWO GIRLS KISSING.
A LITTLE TIP
FROM AN OLD PRO --
THEY CAN
ELECTRIFY CHEESE, SO...
HEY, LOOK AT THAT.
"DO NOT PUSH."
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
TEACHING THIS BUTTON A LITTLE
SOMETHING ABOUT FREE WILL.
LUKE, IT SAYS,
"DO NOT PUSH."
WHICH JUST MAKES ME
WANT TO PUSH IT MORE.
HALEY, BACK ME UP.
PUSH IT, DON'T PUSH IT.
I DON'T CARE.
IS THIS MIRROR WEIRD?
I LOOK FUZZY.
HUH.
WHO PUTS UP
A BUTTON
WITH A SIGN
THAT SAYS YOU CAN'T PUSH IT?
THE SAME PEOPLE
WHO STACK THE DECK
SO THE MONKEY ALWAYS WINS...
scientists!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
We're not waiting
for the experiment.
This is the experiment!
They're watching us right now!
WAIT. WHAT?
AND...
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
OKAY. GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
OH! BEAUTIFUL.
OKAY. SHE LOOKS LIKE
PEPPER'S POMERANIAN.
WE HAVE TO SAY SOMETHING.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY ARE WE STILL DOING THIS?
HONEY, DADDY AND I
THINK YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL GIRL
WITH A BEAUTIFUL SMILE.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
AND I'M SEEING THAT HERE,
OKAY?
BUT I'M JUST NOT
SEEING IT HERE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
UH, WELL, UH...
LILY, YOU'RE DOING
A DIFFERENT SMILE TODAY.
DIFFERENT HOW?
IT'S JUST A LITTLE...
STIFF.
MM-HMM.
IS IT UGLY?
IT'S NOT UGLY. NO.
IT'S, UH -- IT, UM...
CAM...
HMM?
UH, WELL,
S-SWEETIE, UM,
IT'S JUST NOT YOUR NORMAL SMILE,
WHICH IS SO BEAUTIFUL.
YOU MEAN
I'M NOT BEAUTIFUL?
NO, THAT'S NOT
WHAT WE'RE SAYING. NO.
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I SAID, HONEY.
JUST FORGET IT!
I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS ANYMORE!
I'M AN UGLY MONSTER,
AND I'M NEVER
COMING OUT OF MY ROOM AGAIN!
OKAY. WELL,
THAT WAS A DISASTER.
AGREED. BUT CAN I JUST SAY
I LOVE HOW MELODRAMATIC
SHE'S GETTING?
SO FANTASTIC.
THE LITTLE...
[ FOOT STOMPS ]
I KNOW.
THERE SHE IS.
HI, MI AMOR.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY,
HONEY.
MWAH!
I HOPE YOU LIKE THIS.
[ CHUCKLING EXCITEDLY ]
WHAT DID YOU GET ME?
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT'S A BUNNY,
MOM.
IT'S A LITTLE
ROUGH AROUND THE EDGES,
BUT I'M JUST HOPING
YOU'LL LOVE WHAT I PUT INTO IT.
OH, YOU PUT
SOMETHING INSIDE?!
I DON'T GET IT.
THERE'S NOTHING INSIDE.
YEAH, THAT'S,
UH...'CAUSE, UM...
THE DAMN STUPID JEWELER DIDN'T
PUT THE BRACELET IN THERE.
AY. THE ROSE GOLD WITH THE WAVES
THAT I TOLD YOU THAT I LOVED?
YEAH. YEAH,
THAT'S THE ONE.
JAY.
NO, IT'S FINE, MANNY.
I CAN RUN DOWN TO THE STORE
RIGHT NOW AND GET IT.
STUPID JEWELER!
AY, JAY, DON'T SCREAM AT HIM.
IT WAS AN HONEST MISTAKE.
[ Voice breaking ]
YEAH, IN HIS HEART,
HE WAS PROBABLY
TRYING TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
AND PAST
THE MILLIKAN LIBRARY,
YOU'LL FIND
THE BRIDGE ANNEX,
WHICH IS
ALSO THE SAME SITE
THAT CARL D. ANDERSON
DISCOVERED THE...?
NEUTRON.
ANYONE ELSE?
POSITRON.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IN 1932...
...ON AUGUST 2nd...
....ON
THE THIRD FLOOR.
REALLY?
I-I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE I JUST WANTED TO WIN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M JASON.
ALEX.
IS THIS
YOUR FIRST-CHOICE SCHOOL?
NO,
I'M THINKING M.I.T.
THAT'S WEIRD.
I LIVE JUST A HALF AN HOUR
FROM THERE.
WHICH EXPLAINS
WHY YOU WANT TO GO HERE.
I LIVE HERE, AND I WANT TO GO
SOMEWHERE ON THE EAST COAST.
REALLY?
I'D LOVE TO BE CLOSE TO HOME.
SUNDAY DINNERS,
LAUNDRY,
MAKE SURE MY BROTHER
DOESN'T MESS WITH
MY HAND-PAINTED
CIVIL WAR MINIATURES...
WHICH I DON'T CHERISH.
SO WHY NOT M.I.T.?
WELL, FOR APPLIED PHYSICS,
THIS IS THE BETTER PROGRAM,
AND I'M NOT GONNA MAKE
THE BIGGEST DECISION OF MY LIFE
BASED OFF
WHERE MY PARENTS LIVE.
OKAY, THEN.
SORRY.
DID THAT...SOUND JUDGEY?
I'M NOT REALLY GOOD
AT TALKING TO PRETTY GIRLS.
I -- WELL, I HAVE
A TOUCH OF ASPERGER'S.
NO, I DON'T.
I JUST SAID THAT SO
YOU'D THINK I WAS INTERESTING.
I WAS...JUST SORTA HOPING
YOU'D BE GOING HERE.
REALLY? DID MY MOTHER
PUT YOU UP TO THIS?
DOES YOUR MOM TELL BOYS
TO FLIRT WITH YOU?
OH. YOU'RE -- YOU'RE -- YOU'RE
FLIRTING WITH ME.
I MEAN, I DON'T MEAN
TO SOUND SO SURPRISED.
A LOT OF BOYS
FLIRT WITH ME.
NOT A LOT. SOME.
ACTUALLY, ONE OF THEM
HAS ASPERGER'S.
HE COULD TELL YOU THE WEATHER
ON THE DAY YOU WERE BORN.
OKAY. WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHY I SAID THAT.
THE POINT IS, I AM SINGLE,
BY MY OWN CHOOSING, SO...
[ ALARM BLARING ]
OH, MY GOD!
I AM FINE! I'M FINE!
EVERYTHING'S FINE!
[ BLARING CONTINUES ]
I HAVE TO PUSH IT.
IT'S ALL I CAN THINK OF.
JUST LET HIM PUSH IT.
WHO CARES?
NO ONE
IS TOUCHING THIS BUTTON!
DON'T YOU SEE?
THIS IS A TEST
OF CHARACTER --
TO SEE IF WE'RE THE KIND
OF PEOPLE WITH SELF-CONTROL
OR THE KIND WHO JUST GRAB
AT ANY PIECE OF CHEESE
THAT'S PUT
IN FRONT OF THEM.
DON'T YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT IT DOES?
"WANT TO KNOW
WHAT IT DOES"?
OF COURSE I DO.
IT'S KILLING ME.
BUT WHAT I WANT MORE
IS FOR YOU TO LEARN
TO FOLLOW THE RULES.
IS THIS ABOUT
ME SKIPPING CLASS AGAIN?
IT'S WEIRD
HOW OBSESSED YOU ARE WITH THAT.
NOW LET ME PUSH
THAT BUTTON!
NO!
IF YOU CAN'T EVEN PASS
A SIMPLE TEST,
HOW ARE YOU EVER GONNA
GET IN TO A GOOD COLLEGE?
OR HOLD DOWN A JOB?
WE ONLY HAVE ONE BASEMENT.
THERE'S NO PLACE FOR YOU TO MOVE
WHEN YOUR LIFE BOTTOMS OUT!
OKAY. WOW!
DAD, I CUT THAT CLASS
BECAUSE I HAD TO GET
ONE LAST SHOT FOR MY MOVIE.
YOU WOULD'VE DONE
THE SAME THING.
OH, MY GOD!
YOU'RE NOT MAD AT ME.
YOU'RE MAD AT YOURSELF
BECAUSE I'M JUST LIKE YOU.
WHOA.
TOTAL SHOT IN THE DARK.
YOU'RE RIGHT -- I SET
A TERRIBLE EXAMPLE FOR YOU.
NO! IT WAS AWESOME!
DO YOU THINK STEVE JOBS
FOLLOWED EVERY RULE?
DOUG HENNING?
KEEP TALKING.
WHAT ABOUT THAT GUY
WHO LIVED IN THAT TOWN
WHERE PEOPLE
WEREN'T ALLOWED TO DANCE?
DID FOOTLOOSE
FOLLOW THE RULES?
HIS NAME WAS REN,
AND HE MOST CERTAINLY DID NOT.
MAYBE THAT'S WHAT THOSE
SCIENTISTS ARE LOOKING FOR --
REBELS!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHO GIVES A HOOT
WHAT THOSE BASTARDS WANT?
NO OFFENSE.
WE'RE GONNA BREAK EVERY RULE,
AND WE'RE PUSHING THAT BUTTON!
YEAH!
BACK AWAY
FROM THE BUTTON!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'VE BEEN BREAKING THE RULES
MY ENTIRE LIFE,
AND LOOK
WHERE IT'S GOTTEN ME.
I LIVE IN MY PARENTS' BASEMENT!
I'M SICK OF BEING
A FAILURE AT EVERYTHING!
OH, MY GOD!
YOU'RE NOT MAD AT US.
YOU'RE MAD AT YOURSELF.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING!
[ SIGHS ]
WHERE WERE YOU?
CONSOLING JAY.
THAT BUNNY WASN'T THE ONLY THING
YOU SHATTERED, LADY.
WHEN YOU FIRST STARTED
DATING HIM,
WHAT WAS
HIS NICKNAME FOR YOU?
SEXY PANTS.
EW.
THE OTHER ONE.
BUNNY.
OH, SO THAT'S WHY HE PUT
THE BRACELET INSIDE THE BUNNY.
THERE WAS NO BRACELET.
THE BUNNY WAS THE PRESENT.
THAT?
HE MADE IT FOR YOU
HIMSELF.
NO.
IN A POTTERY CLASS
HE'S BEEN TAKING FOR WEEKS.
NO!
AND YOU SMASHED IT
ON THE COUNTER.
AND HE WAS TOO EMBARRASSED
TO SAY ANYTHING.
NO!
I CAN'T TAKE IT!
GLUE!
OKAY, GIVE ME GLUE!
I NEED GLUE!
AAH!
MAKE IT STOP!
HALEY,
PUT DOWN THE CHAIR.
WHY SHOULD I?!
BECAUSE THIS IS GETTING ABSURD,
AND IT'S NO FUN BEING LAUGHED AT
BY A ROOM FULL OF SCIENTISTS
AND A MONKEY IN A DIAPER.
YEAH! WE NEED
TO PUSH THAT BUTTON,
SHOW THOSE EGGHEADS
THAT WE'RE NOT SHEEP!
NO! BREAKING THE RULES
DOESN'T MAKE YOU A HERO!
IT MAKES YOU
A SCREW-UP!
TAKE IT FROM ME, LUKE --
ONE OUT OF A MILLION DROPOUTS
BECOMES STEVE JOBS.
DO YOU KNOW WHO BECOME LOSERS
WITH NO JOBS?
THE OTHER 99,000!
HONEY,
YOU ARE NOT A LOSER.
OH, PLEASE.
I HEAR THE SHOTS
YOU ALL TAKE AT ME.
I SEE MY SISTER
ABOUT TO LAP ME
AT A COLLEGE THAT I WOULD
NEVER BE ABLE TO GET INTO.
EVEN SOMEONE
AS DUMB AS ME
CAN SEE
THAT I'M A GIANT FAILURE!
HALEY, STOP, OKAY?
HALEY, LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING --
YOU HAVE VALUE, TALENT,
AND POTENTIAL
THAT THEIR TESTS
CAN'T MEASURE.
WHO CARES IF YOU
DON'T FIT INTO THEIR LITTLE BOX.
YOU'RE FINDING YOUR WAY.
THAT'S WHAT YOUR 20s ARE FOR --
TO TAKE CHANCES...
TO -- TO MAKE MISTAKES
AND TO LEARN FROM THEM,
AND YOU
ARE LEARNING FROM THEM.
THE FACT THAT YOU WON'T
PUSH THIS BUTTON PROVES THAT.
THAT WAS
REALLY SWEET, DAD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I WAS GONNA HIT YOU
OVER THE HEAD
WITH THAT CHAIR.
WAIT. SO NOW WE'RE
NOT PUSHING THE BUTTON?
NO. WE'RE
SUPPORTING HALEY.
FOR THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE.
THAT IS NOT HELPFUL.
WE NEED
TO STICK TOGETHER.
OH, MY GOD.
THAT'S WHAT THIS TEST IS.
IT'S NOT ABOUT
WHETHER WE PUSH THE BUTTON
OR DON'T
PUSH THE BUTTON.
YOU WANT TO FIND OUT
IF THIS UNITES US OR DIVIDES US.
LET'S JOIN HANDS
AND SEND
THESE SONS OF BITCHES
AND THEIR FILTHY MONKEY
A MESSAGE!
Feels good.
WAIT A MINUTE.
HOW ARE THEY GONNA KNOW
WE'RE SENDING THEM A MESSAGE
IF WE'RE
NOT DOING ANYTHING?
THAT'S TRUE.
WE HAVE TO HIT
THAT BUTTON.
DAMN STRAIGHT.
MM-HMM.
YEAH.
[ MOTOR WHIRRING ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHO DID THAT?
WE DID...
AS A FAMILY.
DID YOU NOT SEE
THE SIGN?
NOW THE A.C. WON'T SHUT OFF.
WE HAVE TO CALL A GUY.
OH, I'M SORRY.
IS THIS...?
WHAT IF, UH...
YEAH, BUILDING FULL
OF SCIENTISTS
AND NO ONE THOUGHT
TO PUSH THE BUTTON TWICE.
PLEASE USE
NUMBER 2 PENCILS.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
YEAH, JUST WALL.
SO THIS IS THE...TEST.
I GOT THAT CLEARED UP
WITH THE JEWELER.
BOY, WAS HE EMBARRASSED.
WHAT'S THAT?
IS THAT MY BUNNY?
NO.
I AM YOUR BUNNY.
JAY, I DON'T WANT
THAT BRACELET ANYMORE.
THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING GIFT
YOU HAVE EVER GIVEN ME.
REALLY?
YOU -- YOU -- YOU LIKE IT?
I LOVE IT.
AND PUTTING IT
BACK TOGETHER
MADE ME REALIZE
HOW MUCH WORK YOU PUT INTO IT.
WELL, IT -- IT'S ALL
IN THE DETAILS, REALLY.
THE BUNNY WAS IN THE CLAY.
I JUST HAD TO FIND IT.
NOW I'M GOING
TO GIVE YOU YOURS.
I THINK
IT'S ABOUT THAT TIME.
AND THIS WOULD BE, UM...
A BOOKMARK
MADE OF MOVIE TICKETS
FROM THE FIRST MOVIE
WE EVER SAW TOGETHER.
I-I-I LOVE IT.
IT'S THE KIND OF THING
I'D NEVER GET FOR MYSELF. EVER.
THIS IS WHAT WE SHOULD
ALWAYS DO FOR EACH OTHER --
THOUGHTFUL,
HANDMADE GIFTS.
WE GET TOO CAUGHT UP
IN -- IN MATERIAL POSSESSIONS.
AH, WE GOT
TOO MUCH STUFF.
YEAH.
RETURN THIS
FIRST THING TOMORROW.
YEAH, AND I'M GONNA RETURN
THE WATCH THAT I BOUGHT YOU.
Manny:
DINNER'S READY!
SO, IS THAT THE ROSE GOLD
BRACELET THAT I WANTED?
YEAH. DYNAMITE PIECE OF JEWELRY.
AND THAT WATCH --
IS THAT THE CERAMIC WITH
THE 10-DAY, UH, POWER RESERVE?
OF COURSE.
IT'S SO SEXY, THAT WATCH.
YEAH,
THE MATTE FINISH
DOESN'T ALWAYS CATCH THE SUN
AND BLIND YOU LIKE THIS ONE.
IT'S SO INTERESTING, 'CAUSE
I LOVE SHINY THINGS ON MY WRIST.
OH, FOR GOD SAKES,
JUST KEEP THE STUPID GIFTS.
[ SHRIEKS, LAUGHS ]
CLAIRE: Hello?
HEY, IT'S ME.
[ SIGHS ]
I THINK CAM AND I
MADE A HUGE MISTAKE.
OH, I GET IT.
MARRIAGE IS TOUGH.
JUST TAKE
A DEEP BREATH
AND GO FLIRT WITH SOMEBODY
AT THE GROCERY STORE.
NO, ABOUT LILY.
WE'RE TRYING TO TAKE
THIS NEW FAMILY PICTURE,
AND SHE'S DOING
THIS WEIRD SMILE THING...
And you
said something?
UH, WELL, LET'S -- LET'S
JUST SAY CAM DID.
FIRST OF ALL,
ALL KIDS GO THROUGH THIS.
YOU SHOULD SEE EVERY
PICTURE WE HAVE OF LUKE
FROM THIRD GRADE.
HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S MID-SNEEZE,
WHICH IS A SHAME,
'CAUSE I WAS HAVING
A GREAT BOOB YEAR.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
I THINK IT MIGHT'VE
BEEN THE BIRTH CONTROL
I WAS TAKING, BUT --
No, come on. About Luke!
OH! NOTHING.
WE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
MITCHELL, I SAY THIS WITH LOVE,
BUT WHEN YOU BECAME A PARENT,
I KNEW THIS WAS GONNA BE
A PROBLEM FOR YOU
'cause you like
to control everything.
GOOD LORD. WHAT WOULD
THAT SOUND LIKE WITHOUT LOVE?
BOTTOM LINE --
IT'S ALL GONNA WORK ITSELF OUT.
BUT IF YOU PUSH HER ON IT,
SHE'S JUST GONNA PUSH YOU AWAY.
OH, MY GOD.
Woman:
THANKS FOR COMING, EVERYBODY.
AS YOU KNOW,
OUR ACCEPTANCE RATE IS 8%,
SO IN THE FALL, I LOOK FORWARD
TO SEEING ONE OUT OF...
12.5.
So...not him.
OKAY.
[ APPLAUSE ]
WELL, I GUESS
THIS IS IT, M.I.T.
UH, WHEN YOU VISIT BOSTON,
LOOK ME UP...
DARLING.
OKAY...SWEETIE.
[ LAUGHS ]
UH, T-THAT'S MY LAST NAME --
JASON DARLING.
OH, WELL,
ALEX DUNPHY --
"P-H" NOT "F",
"Y" NOT "E-E."
"D-U-N-P-H"...
WHY AM I
STILL TALKING?
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL...
WELL...WELL.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
ALL RIGHT.
BYE.
THERE YOU ARE.
[ SIGHS ]
LISTEN, HONEY, I AM SO SORRY
ABOUT PUSHING SO HARD EARLIER.
IF ANYONE IS ABLE
TO MAKE A SMART DECISION
ABOUT WHERE TO GO TO SCHOOL,
IT'S YOU...
EVEN IF THAT SCHOOL IS
ALL THE WAY ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE COUNTRY.
ACTUALLY,
THERE'S A LOT TO LIKE HERE.
REALLY?!
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT'S COOL.
WHATEVER.
I GUESS
THERE'S SOMEBODY AROUND HERE
SHE'S NOT READY
TO SAY GOODBYE TO.
HE FRIENDED ME!
OKAY, COME ON. WE HAVE
SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU.
IS IT DINNER, OR IS MY MOUTH
TOO UGLY TO PUT FOOD IN?
OKAY, NO.
AND PLEASE DON'T SAY THINGS
LIKE THAT ABOUT YOURSELF.
YOU PICKED ONE?
WE SURE DID, AND WE'RE SORRY
WE MADE YOU FEEL BAD.
WE JUST WEREN'T USED TO
YOUR NEW SMILE,
BUT NOW WE ARE,
AND WE LOVE IT!
YES, IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
AND YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL,
AND WE DON'T WANT TO CHANGE
A SINGLE THING ABOUT YOU.
EXCEPT MAYBE
YOUR UNDERPANTS.
[ LAUGHS OBNOXIOUSLY ]
Okay. Where did
that laugh come from?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT'S GOT TO GO.
-- Captions by VITAC --